- [moans]
[heavy breathing]
[soft dramatic music]
♪
- [speaking Russian]
[car horns honking]
[indistinct chatter]
- [speaking Russian]
[car horn honks]
♪
- [speaking Russian]
[door creaks and rattles]
[engine stops]
- [shouts]
- Hey!
[shouts]
[chattering in Russian]
[engine turns over]
[dramatic music]
♪
[engine revs, tires screech]
[indistinct chatter]
- [speaks Russian]
[all grunt]
- Is this what I think it is?
- A 3M22 Zircon
hypersonic missile.
- I was referring to
the nuclear warhead
attached to it.
- I need to move it fast.
No other broker's
willing to find me a buyer.
No one wants
to touch this thing.
- I will.
♪
- Hey!
How the hell am I supposed
to get out of here?
- What time are you leaving?
- That's not what I asked.
- OK, I give you
my phone number.
When you come back to leave,
if we're still here, just--
- Move your truck.
- There's no other parking
on this block.
- Then run for mayor
after you move your truck.
You can move it
or I can move it.
- [speaks Hungarian]
- See, your friend
knows what's what.
- [speaking Hungarian]
- Yeah, I'll assume
that's Hungarian for
"Sorry for trying
to box you in."
- Hey, can we talk?
- Yeah. Hey, boy.
- It's about Powell.
- Look, I know that
this is an adjustment,
but it's like I said
from the start,
he just needs a little time.
- Time is not the issue.
It's temperament.
- His or yours?
- Powell is erratic, volatile--
the last thing we need
in the field
is a ready, fire, aim
type of agent.
But it's not just that.
- [chuckles] Jamie.
We are the last ones
to criticize
an office romance.
- Or we've got the experience
to know better,
to know how that kind of thing
usually turns out.
- Mm.
- Look,
I know you guys go back,
but I'm not sure Powell fits
on this team.
- All right,
partner up with him then.
Assess his performance.
If it's not up to par, then we
can revisit this conversation.
But give the guy a chance.
- OK--
[phone ringing]
- Call coming in.
General Finley.
- All right.
Good boy.
[soft dramatic music]
- All right, listen up.
Everything I'm about
to tell you
is highly classified
and strictly need-to-know.
Given the exigent nature
of the situation we're facing,
I'm bypassing the standard
clearance protocols
to read you in.
- Understood.
- Three days ago, agencies
across our intelligence
community started hearing of
an incident in Western Russia
at the Bryansk Oblast.
- Well, it's not the safest
place in the world right now.
- We're still sifting through
the fog-of-war chatter,
but it appears that a Zircon
missile may have been stolen.
- Russia's hypersonic weapon?
- Bleeding-edge military tech.
Incredibly precise
and can hit Mach 9
so it can't be intercepted
by any current missile
defense system, including ours.
- We're in the middle
of a new arms race.
Both Russia and China
have been scaling
their hypersonic
weapons programs,
and America needs
to keep pace.
- Is this missile
nuclear capable?
- The Zircons are armed,
locked, and loaded
with 7-kiloton warheads--
half the force
of the Hiroshima bomb.
Signals in
human intelligence
are reporting an uptick
in military activity
where the incident took place.
- Budapest is Europe's
primary arms trafficking hub.
It's a gateway city.
So if someone's looking
to offload this thing,
it will be here.
- I need you to confirm.
Not giving you much
to work with,
but the risk profile here
can't be ignored.
If there really is
a nuclear missile out there
and it falls into
the wrong hands,
this has the potential
to escalate
into something unthinkable.
- We're on it.
[call chimes]
Smitty, the list of buyers who
would even consider acquiring
a nuclear missile
off the black market
has got to be very short.
- Most of them
are likely connected
to state-sponsored terrorism.
I'll generate a list.
- Raines, as soon as
that list is ready,
I want you to cross-match
those names with all available
CCTV footage in Budapest.
- Got it.
- I'll work the
Russian side of it.
Try to find the
lunatic who stole
a nuclear freaking warhead.
- Great.
Kellett,
do you have any contacts
plugged into this world?
- Yes, I know someone.
We haven't connected
in a while,
but he may have heard
something useful.
Powell, you're with me.
His name is Gerzson Varga.
Got his start shipping
Soviet ammunition to Kosovo
during the Yugoslav Wars.
Eventually leveled up to
howitzers and anti-tank RPGs.
- Conflict legacy weapons
profiting off violence
and human misery.
Sounds like a mensch.
- He's a source, which is
all that matters right now.
- Don't worry.
I speak fluent dirtbag.
- Well, this particular dirtbag
is skittish.
He doesn't like new faces.
He's got his own style,
so let me take lead.
- At first,
I could not believe it.
A nuclear missile.
Might as well be talking
about a unicorn.
- Who contacted you?
- A Russian named Kuzmin.
Ex-Wagner Group.
Never worked with him before,
but his reputation precedes.
- He wanted you
to find a buyer?
- Took roughly
three seconds to refuse.
Too risky.
It would be like, uh,
fencing the Mona Lisa
in the Louvre gift shop.
[chuckles]
Also, Russian engineers
have been building ICBMs
with recycled parts for years.
So this missile will
be emitting radiation.
Trace levels.
- Is the deal going down
in Budapest?
- Come on, Jamie.
You know how this works.
No such thing as a free lunch.
- Wow.
There's a stolen nuke
out there
and you're looking for a payout?
Is this guy for real?
- Powell, please.
- This ain't
a negotiation, chief.
And we're not ATMs,
so how about this?
You tell us
what we need to know--
you got something to say,
little man? Let's go.
- Hey, hey, hey!
All right!
Let's bring it down
a notch in here, OK?
[scoffs]
Gerzson, I apologize
on behalf of my colleague.
A nuclear missile
on the loose isn't exactly
an everyday occurrence,
and we're all a bit on edge.
Given the stakes,
the last place you want
to be is between us
and finding this missile.
♪
- The deal might be
happening in Budapest.
I've heard whispers that
the buyer is already here.
Yusuf Sydin.
- Who is that?
- Terrorism financier.
Sydin is in Budapest?
- According to my sources,
which is how I know
this is for real.
The missile is either
already here or on its way.
- Otherwise Sydin would
never show his face.
- Mm-hmm.
A word of warning, Jamie.
If you're going to play
against Sydin, play to win,
because he will not stop
until one of you is dead.
♪
- Yusuf Sydin,
last photographed
two years ago in Dubai,
an Oxford-educated
arms dealer from Turkey.
Suspected of selling chemical
and biological weapons
to terrorist organizations
and rogue states
across the world--
Al-Qaeda, ISIS, Hezbollah.
He has no allegiances,
no scruples.
His only loyalty
is to the highest bidder.
Scum of the Earth doesn't
scratch the surface on Sydin.
- I've been running facial rec
software on all available
CCTV footage in Budapest.
I'll crossmatch with
confirmed photos of Sydin.
Shot in the dark,
but if he shows his face,
we'll find him.
- OK, so we have our buyer.
Vo, do we have anything
on our seller?
- Maksim Kuzmin.
Spent eight years as
a Wagner Group commander
before striking out on his own.
- I've heard of him.
The Rusich Unit, right?
- Yeah, he specialized
in sabotage and recon.
And he's been accused
of war crimes
in the Donbas region of Ukraine
in 2014.
- OK, well,
he just made my to-do list.
Run facial rec on Kuzmin
and keep looking
for any Budapest connections.
Smitty, if this missile is
really leaking radiation--
- I've got a contact at
the International Atomic
Energy Agency in Vienna.
I can get us Geiger counters,
radiation pagers, maybe more.
- All right, great.
Let's get to it then.
♪
- Hey, I wanted to apologize.
I know things got loud
at Varga's.
I just thought he needed
a little kick in the ass.
- Oh, really?
I know how to work my sources.
I was always gonna get
what I needed from Varga.
- It's just that I've dealt
with plenty of these dudes.
I know when
they're playing games.
And hey, it worked, right?
- Everything's a nail
for you, isn't it?
You're a hammer.
You've got one move,
one solution to every problem,
whether it's
talking to a source
or arguing over a parking spot.
- Hammers can be useful.
In my experience,
breaking down doors
is a pretty big part
of this job.
- So is knowing when to knock.
We're not a hostage
rescue unit, Powell.
The cases we work,
they need a nuanced approach.
- I can do nuance.
I love nuance.
- Raines got a hit
on the buyer.
♪
- A restaurant in Buda.
Security cam just
picked this up.
- That's Sydin.
What's the timestamp?
- Five minutes ago.
- Go.
[indistinct chatter]
- Can you show us the table
where they were sitting?
Over there?
This table?
- Yeah.
- Are you sure?
- Yes.
- Where are the dishes
the cutlery they used?
- The busboy took to
the kitchen to wash.
- What about security cams?
- No, we don't have.
Look, I don't want trouble.
- OK, I need to speak
with your staff.
We need receipts and
credit card transactions
for the last two hours.
- Excuse me.
- Yes?
- You're American?
- Yeah.
- I'm Agent Raines
with the FBI.
Did you, uh--
did you happen
to notice this man?
He was seated right here.
- Yeah, um, with another guy.
Looked like a bodyguard.
What's going on?
Is everything OK?
- Would you mind
coming into the office
just to answer a few questions?
- Oh, you know,
I've gotta run some errands.
- It's very important, Miss.
It'll only take a few minutes.
- Well, since you call me Miss
instead of Ma'am,
how could I refuse?
- Olivia Thornton,
she's American, 38.
She's a travel blogger.
Looking at posts dating
back to the early aughts,
she's been all over.
Singapore, Geneva,
Mumbai, Dubai,
that's just in the past year.
- Nice work if you can get it.
- Indices checked
raise any flags?
- She came up clean, no priors,
no criminal history.
But we'll do
a deeper dive though.
[phone chimes]
- OK, see what she knows
and then cut her loose.
- Any detail might help,
even if it seems like nothing.
A tattoo, a watch, the kind
of shoes they were wearing.
- They paid in cash,
does that help?
- You were close enough to
overhear their conversation.
Did they say anything
you remember?
- I was writing the
place up for my blog
so I wasn't really
paying attention.
But they were speaking Turkish.
- How'd you know
it was Turkish?
- I just made a trip
to San Sebastian.
I met some people from Istanbul
and one of the few words
I picked up was "sut."
- Milk?
- The guy you're looking for
wanted milk for his tea.
I'm guessing that doesn't
crack the case for you.
- It might not.
- I'm sorry, I wish
I could be of more help.
My goal was 30 seconds,
but I barely made it five.
I'm telling you, ice-bathing
is not a good idea.
- Yeah, I know.
- Thank you for your time.
If you think of anything
that may help us,
feel free to reach out.
- She just got back
from Normandy.
- Oh, yeah?
Oh, the Mont-Saint-Michel Abbey
is one of my favorite places
in the world.
- Oh, it's so beautiful,
isn't it?
The way the light hits
the façade at sunset.
- Thanks again, Ms. Thornton.
- Yeah, I'm happy to help.
I hope you get the guy.
- When were you there?
- Sorry?
- Uh, when did you go to
the Mont-Saint-Michel?
- Uh, it was three months ago.
- Because the main entrance
to the Abbey, it faces east.
The light hits the façade
at sunrise not sunset.
- [chuckles]
You're right.
When you travel
as much as I do,
places kind of blend together.
- Hey, Raines, can you grab
the Geiger counter?
♪
- Uh, what--what's going on?
What's he doing?
- It'll just take a minute.
Checking something.
[device beeps, clicking]
[clicking amplifies]
Who the hell are you?
♪
[door clicks]
- The Zircon missile,
where is it?
- No idea what
you're talking about.
- You met with
Yusuf Sydin an hour ago
to negotiate the deal.
- Who?
- You're the broker.
- The broker?
OK, it sounds like a cool job,
but I'm utterly confused here.
- So you just happen
to be at a restaurant
sitting next to a notorious
arms trafficker?
- Is that a crime now,
where you sit?
- How do you explain the
gamma radiation on your hands?
- [scoffs]
- Oh, I'll answer for you.
You inspected the merchandise
and you came into physical
contact with the missile.
- I was at the dentist earlier.
- The dentist, huh?
- They took some X-rays.
There's your radiation.
- Right,
[phone chimes]
[dramatic music]
♪
- What do we got?
- Olivia Thornton.
Our initial background
check didn't
raise any flags because
that's actually her real name.
- Not an alias?
Really?
- No aliases, no criminal
record or associations.
She's been using her real name
and cover as a travel blogger
to hide in plain sight
for almost 20 years.
Here, check it.
2017.
Europol busted
a Balkan gang running
a massive consignment of
reactivated guns into Egypt.
- I remember that case.
You're telling me Thornton
brokered that deal?
- She was in Cairo
one week prior.
Now from what I've been able
to piece together,
Olivia Thornton
is an illicit arms broker
who connects buyers and sellers
on the black market.
She's put together the most
complex logistical network
I've ever seen
with deals, clients,
shipping routes,
export licenses,
distribution, shell companies.
- And all of it's connected
to two decades' worth
of totally innocuous
travel blog posts--
perfect cover.
- Right after 9/11,
Thornton did contract work
for an American mid-tier
defense firm specializing
in supply chain management,
but she flamed out pretty quick.
The HR complaint that
led to her termination
talks about
lone-wolf mentality
and signs of narcissistic
personality disorder.
- Not a great combo.
- So Thornton used
her connections
in military logistics to
build up her own client list?
- And kick off an
extremely lucrative career.
She's kept a low profile.
No flashy
or expensive purchases.
- Thornton's evaded detection
for a long time.
She is careful.
She is smart.
If we're gonna crack her,
we're gonna need
some kind of leverage.
- Good thing I found it.
[door creaks, slams]
David Havel, 6 years old.
Lives in Budapest with his dad.
A woman who runs
a daycare receives
monthly payments
from a shell company
called DH Asset
Management Services.
That shell company
connects to you.
- That's a cute kid.
He's got your eyes.
♪
- I want full immunity.
- Are you serious?
You violated Section 2339A--
providing material support
to terrorists.
- Get me a deal in writing
signed off
by the Attorney General
and I'll give you
everything I have.
All of my clients,
buyers and sellers,
every deal I've ever made.
I want a new life
for my family.
I've already got
a place set up,
a safe house in Copenhagen.
- Copenhagen?
You'll be lucky enough
to end up in Colorado.
You ever heard of
Florence ADMAX, hm?
H Unit?
- Solitary confinement
for the rest of your life.
22-hour lockdown.
You'll have a concrete bed and
a toilet that runs on a timer.
And that's only
if you're lucky.
- The heavy hitters are
already on their way here
from the Pentagon.
We are the best chance
that you have
for a soft landing
for you and your family.
Because as soon as their
plane touches down,
they're gonna take
possession of you,
designate you
as an enemy combatant,
and ship you off
to Guantanamo Bay.
At which point, you'll probably
be begging for the needle.
Now, look we already know
that Kuzmin stole the missile
and that you found him
a buyer--Sydin.
♪
This is the part where
you start talking, Olivia.
- Sydin's got connections
to state actors
all across the Middle East
and South Asia.
It won't be hard
to flip the weapon
to one rogue nation or another.
I was set to make
a 15% broker's commission
on a 250 million Euro deal.
- Where's the missile now?
- In transit.
But I don't know
where it's going yet.
Sydin was supposed to transfer
half the payment first.
Then Kuzmin will give me the
details for the handover--
time and place.
- Which you'll pass to Sydin
via the secure-messaging app
on your phone.
How is he sending the money?
- Through a biometrically
encrypted payment account.
- Sydin and Kuzmin
are not in contact?
- I keep buyers
and sellers siloed off
until payment is made.
Sydin's meeting with my
proxies today, in person.
We'll get a retinal scan
and he transfers the funds.
- When is this meet going down?
♪
30 minutes,
Yusuf Sydin and is set
to meet Thornton's people here.
- The location
is an isolated street,
surrounded by mid-rise
residential buildings.
- Raines and I will
be on the ground
posing as Thornton's proxies
to set up the payment account.
- Once Sydin
transfers the money,
Thornton will get word of
where the missile is headed.
- Right.
Since we have her phone,
the location will come
directly to us.
- Can we rewind to the part
about this happening
in 30 minutes?
- Also, this area
looks pretty tight.
Should we change the location?
- No, that would tip Sydin off.
Look, I know we don't have
enough time to secure the site
and we are going in
half-blind,
but this is our best chance
to find the missile
and take this scumbag down.
- This building's got
a good vantage point.
I'll post up here
in case things go sideways.
- I'll join you.
- Good.
Vo and Smitty, you stay here,
work the Kuzmin angle.
Keep an eye on Thornton.
Let's gear up.
♪
- Any sign?
- Not yet.
He's 12 minutes late now.
- I'm not liking this.
- Incoming.
Black SUV.
- Now, remember, we don't take
Sydin until after the payment.
- We want to talk to Thornton.
My employer will
only deal with her.
- She already went over this
with him.
She never comes in person.
Tell your employer to step out.
We need a retinal scan to
finish setting up the account.
They're both carrying guns.
- [speaks language]
- Why does it feel like we're
the ones getting set up here?
- Scott, this doesn't
smell right.
- This deal is too big.
We only talk with Thornton.
- OK.
All right,
let's just start over.
- Don't come any closer.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
- Hey, easy.
- Hold on!
- Screw this.
I'm going in.
- And start a firefight?
- Everybody just relax.
Let's just take care
of business
and we'll go our separate ways.
[tense music]
♪
- [grunts]
- Sniper.
[woman screams]
- We're pinned.
[tires screech]
Kellett, take out the SUV.
- [shouts]
- Kellett,
we're still pinned down.
- Move up.
- Southwest building, the roof.
- On it.
- You're clear to go.
- FBI!
Show me your hands!
Get out of the car.
Hands up against the car.
- Powell, we got Sydin.
What's your status?
♪
[engine revs]
Powell, do you have him?
[engine rumbling]
♪
- Negative.
- [grunts]
- I just got off the phone
with the Pentagon.
We're moving you to
a secure location
before handing you over
to the U.S. Military.
- I see.
- I speak for everyone
on our end--
your cooperation
would be rewarded.
- When you say cooperation,
what specifically
do you have in mind?
- Pull the lever on your end
to get the money to Kuzmin,
so he arranges the dropoff
for the missile.
It is very simple.
- I would need time
to consider all this.
In the meanwhile,
you should present to me--
- I just did.
Help us get the
missile back safely
and you will be rewarded,
but it has to happen now.
[tense music]
Keep in mind,
if you don't say a word,
all I need is a retinal scan
to get that money
transferred to Kuzmin.
And you can squint
all you want,
but I will get your
eyelids open, trust me.
- Not quite.
The scan does indeed facilitate
the transfer of funds,
but I still have to
authorize that transfer
from my off-shore account.
- Which brings me back
to my original statement--
cooperate,
and you will be rewarded.
- Well, you know
the rivers of hell would freeze
before I do that, right?
- Cool.
Bag him.
We're out of here.
♪
- And?
- Hungarian National Police
provided a chopper
to take Sydin
to Pápa Air Force Base.
It's 100 miles west.
He's there, secured,
waiting on General Finley.
- Still refusing to cooperate?
- Yes.
- Text from Kuzmin
on Thornton's phone.
"Hardware is in transit.
Need deposit or no deal."
- Without Sydin's cooperation,
we're SOL
unless we scrounge
together the first half
of the payment, which is what?
- $125 million.
- If Kuzmin doesn't
get paid,
we're gonna have a desperate
seller looking to offload
the device to God knows who.
- Kellett, bring her phone in.
- We're good.
- I can't ask Kuzmin
for a location
until he's received the
first half of the payment.
It'll tip him off
and he'll go dark,
along with the merchandise.
- Just tell him
everything is fine,
you need a little more time
because Sydin
is pulling money from a
couple of different accounts.
And then ask him
how far away he is.
- May I speak with my son?
- Once the missile's
in our possession.
- I was supposed to
pick him up from school.
- He's fine.
His dad got him.
- How much does David know
about my current situation?
- I have no idea.
- But they're safe?
- Yes.
With the Hungarian
National Police.
- Now that Sydin knows
that I've cooperated with you,
he'll do anything
to take me out.
And my family.
♪
Money is a very
insidious thing.
- For some.
[phone chimes]
He replied.
[door clicks]
[door slams]
Kuzmin is 20 minutes out.
- Cool. We can work with that.
Hey, Smitty,
those drones come in?
- All four of them,
state-of-the-art, multi-rotor.
- All right.
This is gonna be like
looking for plant-based barbecue
in Texas,
but I'll give it a shot.
[drones whirring]
Hey, I programmed the drones.
Do you guys need to
hear the details?
- Not really.
- I do.
- I placed a neutron
gamma-emission
tomography detector
to each drone
to help flag anything
that emits radiation.
[computer beeping]
[beeping hastens]
- I'll be damned.
- That's our truck.
That's our missile.
- All right, General Finley
is 30 minutes out
from touching ground.
We'll roll out
and keep eyes on--
- What the hell just happened?
- I--I don't know.
It disappeared.
[suspenseful music]
- Did the drone get taken out?
- No, it's still online.
- It disappeared close
to Halom Street entrance?
- Yeah.
- The truck went underground.
Kobanya cellar system--
a subterranean network
of abandoned tunnels,
22 miles in total.
- He's not planning on
taking out this city, is he?
- Anything could happen,
but I'm pretty damn sure
he just wants to get paid.
We'll go in on foot.
Vo, can you stay back and
guide us through this maze?
- Yep.
- Remember, these are trained,
battle-hardened mercs with
extensive combat experience.
If we're gonna win,
we're not gonna win
in a protracted firefight
against these guys.
It has to be quick, decisive,
and one-sided.
- What if they're
near the missile?
Do we hold our fire?
- The impact of a
few bullets probably
won't set this warhead off.
It's got a pretty complex
triggering mechanism.
- Let's not find out
the hard way.
[bird cawing]
[soft tense music]
♪
[door creaks]
- Take a narrow passage
way up ahead.
There should be a large hall
ten meters out on the left.
Only place really
to conduct business.
My money is on Kuzmin
being parked there.
- Lights off.
[distant chatter in Russian]
- They're about to bolt.
- Then we move in now.
Watch your crossfire.
And if you shoot,
shoot to kill.
- Mm-hmm.
[engines turning over]
- [grunts]
- [shouts]
[tires screech]
- FBI! Drop your weapon!
[overlapping shouting
in Russian]
- [shouts]
- Cover me!
[gunfire]
[dramatic music]
♪
- [grunts]
- [shouts]
- Move!
- Drop your weapon!
Drop it!
- On the ground! On the ground!
♪
- When Ahab finally laid eyes
on Moby Dick,
the hunt robbed him
of all caution
and it ended up
taking him and his ship
to the bottom of the sea.
♪
I never should've touched it.
I wish I'd never
laid eyes on it.
- Money's an insidious thing.
Or so I've hard.
- [grunts]
- [groans]
[ominous music]
♪
[gunshot]
- [grunts]
♪
- Everyone all right?
- All good.
[vehicle whirring]
[engine turns off]
- At ease.
[rousing music]
♪
- General.
Follow me.
[indistinct chatter]
[lid thunks]
- Sir.
- This never happened.
This will never make the news.
Won't be any recognition
or commendations.
All I can offer is my thanks.
- That's plenty.
♪
- Thank you.
Good work.
Thank you.
[device clicks, chirps]
- General Finley,
he's at Papá AFB.
[call chimes]
- Missile is secure
and Sydin is in custody
here at Papá.
- Ah, that's great to hear.
- Even though he's been at the
top of our list for a while,
evidence against him
has been thin.
We've gone through both Sydin
and Kuzmin's phone records,
financials, et cetera.
There's no record of them
ever being in contact.
Nothing to prove
that Sydin intended
to purchase the missile.
Even his communications with
Thornton used coded language.
- So you don't have
a case against him?
- We do, but I've seen
these things go sideways.
What makes it a slam dunk
is Thornton's testimony.
She good for it?
- I believe so.
- Get her confession on tape.
She's the key
to bringing Sydin down
for arms trafficking
and section 2339A--
providing material support
to terrorists.
- All right, thanks, General.
[call chimes]
[soft dramatic music]
♪
- What?
- I keep thinking about
what she said,
how Sydin would do anything
to take her out
now that he knows
she's flipped on him.
- And just because
we have Sydin in custody
doesn't mean the threat he poses
has been neutralized.
- We also didn't catch
all of his men.
- She can give her testimony
at the base.
We need to get her out of here.
- Raines, do some street level
recon while we figure this out.
Tank can help.
He's due for a patch
of grass anyway.
Come on, buddy.
OK, so as soon as this
armed escort rolls up,
we'll take Thornton out
back to my car.
Let's bring her down.
[soft dramatic music]
♪
- How long?
- 20 minutes, give or take.
- My son?
- He's fine.
He's with the HNP.
- I'd like to speak with him.
You promised
I could speak to him
once the missile was secured.
- You're right.
I did.
Go ahead.
Raines, are you receiving me?
[line ringing]
- Receiving you.
- Hey, Ben. It's me.
Can you put David on
with his mom real quick?
- Yes, of course.
David?
- Hello?
- Mom, is that you?
- Hi, sweetie.
- Daddy had to pick me up
from school.
Are you OK?
- I am fine.
I am so happy
to hear your voice.
Are you OK?
- Yeah, I'm fine.
Are you coming here soon?
- I don't know, sweetheart.
But I love you.
- OK.
The guy said
we can order pizza.
- You're with your daddy, right?
- Yeah.
He's here too.
He seems a little mad.
- [sniffles]
- But he says he loves you.
- Can you--can you say it to me?
Can you tell me you love me?
- I love you, Mommy.
But--oh, the guy is saying
we have to hang up now.
But I'll talk to you later.
Please come here soon.
OK, Mommy?
- OK.
- OK. Bye, Mommy.
- OK. Bye-bye, sweetheart.
[line beeps]
[sobs]
[indistinct chatter]
[shutters clang]
- All clear out front.
- Copy.
- Well, when someone
saves your life,
that tends to put
a new lens on things.
- I would agree.
- Powell has a lot to learn,
procedure and protocol-wise,
but now I know that
if we're out there
and things get dicey,
he'll have our back.
- That was the outcome
I was hoping for.
He deserves to be a part
of a team, this team.
His probationary period
is officially over then.
You wanna do the honors?
- Sure.
- What's up?
- Glad to have you on the team.
And thanks.
- Welcome aboard, mate.
[phone chimes]
- General Finley's team
is 10 minutes out.
- So great.
- Are you sure?
- I'm sure.
♪
[tense music]
- Hey, check CCTV
on the first level.
Did someone just
make a delivery?
- That floor's been vacant
for months.
- Eh, it's probably
a false alarm.
I just got a bad hit
off this van driver.
- That's Sydin's bodyguard.
We're moving now!
- Tank, stay!
What do we got?
Forrester!
[dramatic music]
Talk to me--
[grunts]
[car alarms blaring]
[wolf howls]